Jin-a, are you crazy?
Have you lost your mind?
What about Jun-hui?
Have you been toying with him?
Gyeong-seon, let me explain. It's--
End it with Jun-hui.
Unbelievable.
Gyeong-seon!
Didn't you hear me?
End it with Jun-hui.
That's all I have to say.
Do you think I wanted to come here?
You know my mom.
She wouldn't back down
unless things go her way.
I'm only here
so that she'll never make me--
That persistent mother of yours
cannot approve of Jun-hui.
You're an obedient daughter,
so just break up with him.
Please don't make things worse for me.
Do you seriously think
that Jun-hui and I were born for you?
Why do we always have to be
understanding of you?
And how much more
do we need to put up with?
When it comes to Jun-hui, I don't care
who I have to go against.
I don't care about anything else.
You're the only reason I put up with
the way your parents treat Jun-hui.
Otherwise,
I wouldn't have held myself back.
But you just crossed the line.
I can't put up with this anymore.
I can't put up with Jun-hui
being looked down on like this.
What are you talking about?
No one's looking down on him.
You are.
You're taking this lightly
as if it's nothing more than something
to chitchat about later.
Your family pities me and Jun-hui,
and they aren't even ashamed to show
that they think we're not good enough.
Maybe it's all in my head,
but still, I'm not going to
hold myself back anymore.
Ms. Yoon Jin-a?
I'm your blind date.
- Shall we go?
- Okay.
EPISODE 12
Excuse me.
Let's sit here.
Shall we?
Take a seat.
I'll sit here.
Okay.
Is everything all right?
No.
I mean, yes. I'm fine.
Aren't you Jin-a?
Hello.
It is you, isn't it?
Yes.
It's been a long time, right?
Gyeong-seon's over there.
Yes, I know.
I see.
Good.
Please excuse me for a second.
What about Jun-hui?
What about him?
How long are you going to keep this up?
You cannot possibly expect me
to be nice to you.
Let's not waste our time like this.
Let's have a constructive conversation.
You sounded like you had something to say
when you called me last time.
I don't.
I just needed some reassurance
that Jun-hui and I weren't alone
in this whole world.
That was all.
I'm serious.
When a kid in your class
brags about his dad,
you feel the urge to brag about your own.
That's exactly how I felt.
I thought you were old enough
not to need a parent in your life.
Don't get me wrong.
I know that having you in my life
would only bring me harm.
But there are times
that I cannot help but want your presence.
It's ridiculous that people don't know
how stupid those stereotypes are.
I'm sorry.
You do know that you're being rude, right?
I've been forced to go on a blind date,
and I've met someone
who was forced on a blind date.
But today's the worst.
I don't know how to apologize to you.
This means you already like someone else.
If that's not the case,
it means you really don't like me.
And that hurts my pride.
You seem like a good guy. I mean it.
Okay, let's say
you are telling me the truth.
Now, what can I do
to help you feel less anxious?
I don't feel anxious.
That woman behind you...
Is she just your friend?
Of course. She's my friend,
and she's with her dad.
Then you being here
shouldn't bother her, right?
Of course not. Why would you ask that?
Then why does she keep glaring at us?
Jin-a grew up to be a wonderful lady.
She's not married yet, is she?
No.
Are you dating anyone?
What about Jun-hui?
I don't know.
I'm sure he'll get married soon.
Time flies so quickly.
What do your children mean to you?
Did you expect us to grow up on our own
after we were born?
You can't expect parents
to do everything for you.
But you should've done
the least you could do.
I had to drop out of college,
but I don't blame you for that.
In the end,
I was the one who made that choice.
But it's different with Jun-hui.
He gave up on his dream
to become an artist
and got a job at a game company
just to earn money.
He didn't like me caring for him.
He said he couldn't draw anything
because he felt so pressured.
Do you know what the worst thing--
Okay, that's enough.
Don't cut me off.
I wouldn't have come here
if I wasn't going to tell you all this.
You probably feel sorry
for getting married multiple times,
but that's not what you did wrong.
What you did wrong is
that you made us grow up too fast.
When we were young, I wished
that Jun-hui would get himself
in some kind of trouble.
I was sick and tired of him
acting all grown up.
He still puts others before himself
and bottles everything up inside,
and that kills me.
Why did you make him become like that?
Why?
Marriage?
That's a luxury we can't afford
as long as you live and breathe.
Do you know that?
I think we should go now.
How absurd.
Excuse me. Let me ask you one thing.
What's your relationship
with Ms. Yoon Jin-a?
I'm sorry?
I was her blind date today,
and I was really dumbfounded.
Who exactly are you?
- I'm her ex-sister-in-law.
- Pardon?
Who does he think he is?
3 MISSED CALLS
Why don't we catch up over some tea?
Do you happen to know how Jun-hui's doing?
Gyeong-seon's still upset with me,
so she just left without telling me.
I think he's doing well.
Is he seeing anyone?
Judging from what Gyeong-seon said,
it feels like he's seeing someone.
Do you happen to know?
I'm sorry.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm sorry
that I don't know much about him.
You've grown up to be way too polite.
Well, I can see why since your parents
are quite old-fashioned.
My parents are quite old-fashioned
and stubborn.
I didn't mean it in a bad way.
But it could be hard for the children
to have such parents.
He seemed like your boyfriend,
but I guess he wasn't--
No, he's not.
He's just...
He was...
I'm sorry.
Why do you keep...
I don't think you're apologizing to me
just to be polite.
I don't know why,
but I just feel like apologizing to you.
I need to go to the supermarket.
Why?
Jin-a's coming over for dinner.
She's not coming.
Why not?
Did you talk to her? Where is she?
There's no need for you to know.
She's not coming, so just come home.
What's going on?
Aren't you curious about
how things went with Dad?
Do you only care about Jin-a?
Why should I be curious?
Forget it. Just come home.
Where's Jin-a? I can't get a hold of her.
Of course you can't.
I'll tell you later, so come home.
We wouldn't see each other again,
would we?
Are you not planning on coming back?
Wouldn't that be better for all of us?
Even though Gyeong-seon said those things,
she actually misses you a lot.
I'm sure Jun-hui does, too.
How is Jun-hui?
Sorry?
I'm just wondering what kind of man
he has become.
He's very warmhearted.
Let our farewell be brief.
Mr. Seo!
Let's meet again.
I insist.
Meet me, at least.
You have to know how Gyeong-seon
and Jun-hui are doing.
They are amazing and full of life.
I'll keep you updated
without telling them.
You made me the offer first.
I like to take the lead.
- Give me a call.
- Okay.
I'll get going.
- Give me a call.
- I will.
Oh, Jun-hui...
4 MISSED CALLS
Where in Bundang are you going?
I'm sorry, but could you drop me off here?
I'm sorry.
Don't you have any pride?
Stay out of this.
I can't do that.
What did you say? "Stay out of this"?
Even if it's your life, I cannot do that.
I won't tolerate it this time.
Why did you have to meet him?
Why did you have to go there
and find out about it?
You must be out of your mind.
Are you saying
she wouldn't have gotten caught
had I not been there to meet Dad?
You should be thankful
that I have found out about it,
you stupid moron.
The fact that she went on a blind date
means that they have no respect for you.
They're treating you
as if you don't exist.
Can't you see that?
I'm about to go insane here!
And do you think I'm a fool?
This wouldn't have happened
out of the blue.
I don't need you to tell me
to know what you had to put up with.
It's obvious.
What I'm saying is...
whatever it was Jin-a did,
it was for us to work out, not you.
That's why I don't like the fact
that you found out about it.
I don't like how you know everything
about me even if I don't tell you.
That's driving me crazy!
If you hide things from me,
do you think I would be grateful for it?
I will keep hiding things from you.
Don't you dare!
Seo Jun-hui.
What else could I possibly do for you?
Gosh.
What did he say?
What does he think of Jin-a?
Is Jin-a a divorcee?
What? What on earth are you talking about?
You know what I'm talking about.
What kind of nonsense is that?
She's never even been married.
What? A divorcee?
- Her ex-sister-in-law was there!
- Ex-sister-in-law?
- What are you going on about?
- How could you hide such a thing from me?
Hide? Hide what?
Jin-a's never been married!
What are you accusing her of?
Aren't you supposed to be my friend?
There must have been a misunderstanding
or something.
- How can you--
- I feel embarrassed
- that I introduced her to him.
- What?
Embarrassed to have introduced her?
Embarrassed?
You call my daughter a divorcee,
and you are embarrassed?
My whole body is shaking with rage!
What was that all about?
What the hell did she say to her date?
What is it?
The guy she was introduced to
went back to his family
and said Jin-a was a divorcee.
- He said he saw the sister-in-law.
- What?
That little brat.
This is the end for both of us.
Hold on.
Of course, she won't pick up.
I knew it.
She must be with Jun-hui right now.
Gosh, that's enough.
It's not enough!
They wouldn't be together.
Jin-a wouldn't disrespect us like that.
Then what on earth happened?
Just be patient.
We can hear her side of the story
when she comes home.
What happened today?
Damn it.
My gosh, it's pouring outside.
What's worse, you have a broken arm.
Just stay home!
I need to bring her home.
Do you even know where she is?
It's obvious, isn't it? She doesn't know
what kind of mistake she made
because she's head over heels for Jun-hui.
- I should teach her a lesson.
- My gosh.
- Let go.
- That's enough!
What are you going to do
if Jin-a does something bad?
- She's already done enough.
- Not that.
What if she ends up taking her own life?
Why would you say that?
Dad,
do you think only certain types
of people commit suicide?
Not only did I think of doing so
in high school,
but I even thought about it in college
when I had a hard time adjusting.
- My gosh.
- Mom, what you're doing
is only going to strengthen
their relationship.
What are you going to do
if they decide to run away together?
You have to let go
of those standards of yours.
They are absurd and disappointing.
Why do you say...
We're not talking about
some stranger here, for God's sake!
Look at your children objectively.
Just like how you judge strangers.
You think of strangers who don't
live up to your standards as pathetic.
Well, other people certainly
think that way about me and Jin-a.
That's who your children really are, Mom.
And what if Jin-a ruins her life?
It's her life.
Why do you keep meddling in her life?
What?
How could you put it that way?
I'm a parent looking out for my daughter.
You're only interfering with her life.
- And in a way, it's abusive.
- Seung-ho!
You're making her suffer emotionally.
You're tiring her out!
If that's not abuse, what is?
Mom.
Let's not be petty.
Okay?
My goodness.
Your mom must have been shocked.
- I'm sorry that I--
- Good job.
Good job for saying the right thing.
But that doesn't mean
you can think of your mom
as someone who's cruel to her children.
Sometimes, parents can't help
but act like your mom does.
No parent wants their children to suffer.
I know that.
But that doesn't mean
parents always make the right decision.
- You're right.
- So what's your point?
Parents are cowards.
So they all want their children
to take the safe road.
They feel uneasy and anxious
when their children take risks.
That's why your mom's like that.
But still, she's crossing the line.
And why is Jun-hui a risk?
I'll try to talk things out with her.
You shouldn't be so harsh on Jin-a either.
Has Jun-hui contacted you?
I'll try contacting him.
It's just that it's pouring outside--
I get it.
They aren't any different.
Are you with Jin-a?
Where are you?
Home.
What are you doing here?
Nothing much.
You should've come inside or called...
Get up.
It's raining.
It's the spring rain.
Come on. Get up.
It's pouring.
I know that, so get up.
What's wrong?
My legs are numb.
Don't try to fool me.
You're only doing this
so that I won't get mad at you.
No, I'm serious.
My legs really feel numb.
My gosh, you're driving me nuts.
- It's hot.
- Okay.
You're angry at me, aren't you?
I was.
It was clever of you to wait
until I calm down.
That's not what I was doing.
Then why didn't you call me?
I was scared.
That I might get angry?
Then what?
That you might ignore my call.
You're being really strategic today.
At times like this,
it feels like you are so much younger
than me.
Do I really?
Look at you being cheeky.
You must feel better now.
I'm sorry.
You should be.
- You can get angry at me.
- It's too late for that.
I was going to give my mom
what she wanted
for the first and last time.
And I was going to use that
to stop her from forcing me
to do anything in the future.
But...
I really should have thought it through.
As soon as I saw Gyeong-seon,
I realized that I had made a bad choice.
Why am I so dumb?
You always cause trouble.
So do you hate me now?
Yes,
- I hate you so much that it kills me.
- What?
I said you need my permission to die.
I'm going to do as I please.
Do what?
I'm going to love you and care for you.
I can't even do that?
Give me two days
to think about that.
I'll let you know on the day after.
My gosh, you'd better stay out of trouble.
I'll never cause trouble again.
By the way,
why did you dress up so much?
You even wore earrings.
Do I seem dressed up?
I wear this every time
I go on a blind date.
Every time you go on a blind date?
You must have gone on quite a few.
Think about how old I am.
I've had my share of blind dates.
- How many times?
- What?
I can't hear you.
- Answer me.
- What?
Stop laughing and tell me.
It's raining outside.
Let's go get ourselves in trouble.
What trouble? Answer me first.
I love you.
Why don't you look me in the eye
and say it?
Because I feel guilty
for having done some terrible things.
Then you deserve to be punished.
What?
It's a gift.
Look at you copying me.
Don't you ever throw it away.
You're copying me again.
Shall I keep going?
Gosh, I'm too head over heels for you,
Jun-hui.
Go in.
Yes, I should.
- Bye.
- Bye. I'll get going.
What's wrong with this door?
- Go.
- After you get in the elevator.
Bye.
Go. Get going.
You're late.
Go in and get some rest.
Did anything happen today?
What do you think?
But why is Mom so quiet?
She either has no energy to beat you up
or thinks that it's useless.
Gyeong-seon and Jun-hui found out
that I went on a blind date.
I ran into Gyeong-seon at the hotel.
Why is it that everything you do...
Are you dumb?
I don't even know why I told you.
About Jun-hui...
You'll regret big time
if you underestimate him.
Don't get on the wrong side of him.
He never gives anyone a second chance.
Just know who you are dealing with.
Good morning.
But the Mapo location is...
There's nothing I can do about that.
I think we should try calling him.
Yes, we should.
Ms. Yoon!
Welcome back.
I'm back in hell.
It's like a battlefield
that's worse than hell.
Let's fight fiercely together.
But you guys only say things
that discourage me.
You're back. Are you back for good?
I guess you're not happy to see me.
How could I be?
You never help me out with anything.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
Coffee sounds good.
I'd like an Americano, please.
Okay.
I submitted my statement
with assailants' names
to Ms. Jeong via email.
I see.
What's up with that reaction?
I feel bad.
I took part in making you step up
and make a statement.
You always think
that I'm the easy target, don't you?
No, that's not true.
I couldn't force others
because they're so scared.
I tried to intimidate them,
but they didn't even budge.
Right, and you thought
it'd be easy to persuade me.
Frankly, I used to think like that,
but not anymore.
You know that you have
invincible power now.
Everyone is just saying that,
but it's not true.
Invincible, my foot.
Anyway, it must've taken you
a lot of courage to do that.
I'm impressed.
It's too early to compliment me like that.
Why do you say that?
Do you think it'll affect many people?
I'm sure it would.
I mean, it's not a small issue.
- Jin-a, if...
- Gosh, let's not think about anything.
I don't want to feel anxious.
I'll deal with it as it comes.
- That's fine, but--
- No, don't.
We'll do a good job so that nothing bad
will happen. We can sort it all out.
They say positive thinking
yields positive outcomes. It'll be fine.
You're worried about something else,
aren't you?
Everyone has worries.
Let's only think about work
when we're here. We should get back.
I guess...
I underestimated Yoon Jin-a.
I'm sure it took her
quite a lot of courage to do this.
That's not what I meant.
She's quite tenacious.
Who would put up with that for ten years?
Most people would've gone bonkers.
You trained her well.
It doesn't sound like a compliment.
Of course it's not.
Dealing with you is hard enough,
but you've groomed her
into your successor.
But you see,
I'm not sure if Yoon Jin-a
would be okay if this gets out.
I'm not quite sure
what you're trying to say, sir.
I don't have any hidden intentions.
I'm really worried about her, that's all.
Think about it.
No one would just sit back and watch
when their job is at risk.
Sometimes, the assailant
can become a victim along the way.
In a crisis, people can do
whatever it takes to survive.
Aren't I right?
We should make sure it doesn't
turn into a situation like that.
Aren't we on the same page, sir?
Yes, of course.
We'll make sure it doesn't happen.
Mr. Kong? Kong Cheol-gu is...
Is he instigating you guys to say...
Is that what he's doing?
I'm not sure if "instigating"
is the right word,
but he said that he only did
what he did to the female employees
because of...
Because of what?
He said he had no choice but to do it
because of your request.
That son of a...
What else did he say?
He's been contacting the female employees
who left the company as well--
- Hey!
- Yes?
Sorry, I'm not mad at you.
That son of a bitch.
I mean, Kong...
- Gosh.
- Are you okay, Mr. Nam?
I have to be okay.
Only then, I'll be able to...
How should I put it?
Right, support you.
And Kong Cheol-gu...
I must...
teach him a serious lesson.
Soon,
you and I will become rivals.
Rivals?
Mr. Nam will get fired soon. That means
someone will get promoted to his position.
I think it will be either you or me.
- Are you already excited about it?
- Well...
Don't you think you should
worry about yourself a little?
Hey, don't you know me?
I already won all the female employees
over to my side,
including those
who already left the company.
Oh, boy.
Soon, we won't be able to see Mr. Nam
in this building.
Why are you staring at me like that?
I just want to get a good look at you.
What does that mean?
I just wanted
to get a good look at you now
in case you end up
moving high up in the ladder soon.
If that happens,
you are the first one I'll help out.
Gosh, don't worry about me.
Just hearing that is enough.
Gyeong-seon is ignoring all of my calls
and messages.
Leave her alone for a while.
She'll be fine in a bit.
Should I not go see her?
Well, you can if you want.
You don't think I should.
Shall I take you to her place?
Gosh,
you always put me on the spot like this.
It's because I lack in many ways.
Why are you saying that out of the blue?
I was just joking.
It's not funny at all.
You told me not to be insecure.
Why are you all insecure?
Sorry, I won't be like that again.
Don't be mad. You're making me
feel like I'm a total loser.
Who said you're a loser?
The guy I like isn't a loser.
Don't talk about my boyfriend like that
when you don't even know him that well.
Did you just laugh? How dare you!
My gosh, what should I do about you?
What?
Just adore me
Gosh.
What are you looking for?
Your mom asked me to take out the meat
for the soup she'll make
tomorrow morning, but I can't...
Mom, your cast is removed.
When did she get her cast removed?
Can I meet Jun-hui?
Do you want to meet Dad?
Don't worry about us.
Jun-hui and I will be fine
just like how we've been all these years.
They are such brats.
I wondered why you said
we should go for a walk after lunch.
How did you hear about this place?
Ms. Kang told me about it.
We wanted to check it out together,
but she's had plans
for lunch and dinner all week.
Something must be up with Se-yeong.
Why?
She's not acting weird or anything,
but I sense that something's off
about her.
Anyway, that's how I feel.
She's like a swan.
- A swan?
What's that?
She always seems calm and composed,
but she's busy paddling away underwater.
That's what guys do though.
Not girls?
Let's say a guy went clubbing
without telling his girlfriend.
How did he do it?
He'd sit in his car
and close all the windows.
Then he'd cover his phone with his clothes
to shut out all the noise.
"Yes, I'm going to bed now.
Sweet dreams, darling."
He'd even recline in his car seat
to make her believe it.
Let's say the girlfriend keeps talking.
Then he'd be like,
"Get some sleep for tomorrow
so that your skin can glow."
He'd make it sound like
he's doing it for her.
Then mission accomplished.
- I'd just give up on going clubbing.
- Me too.
Men lie all the time
to accomplish their goals.
Who wrote the book you're reading?
You should be careful too.
Mr. Seo...
- Should I call him your future husband?
- Cut it out.
Anyway, all men have secrets.
Dozens of secrets, actually.
Is there a way
to find out about their secrets?
That will only cause trouble.
Why?
It's no longer a secret once it's out.
Their pride is built around that.
Apparently, you should act like
you know nothing even if you find out.
Are men really such complicated creatures?
I have no idea.
I can't trust what she's saying.
I read about it in a book.
The one you tried on looked good on you.
- You should buy it.
- You buy me.
Me? I'm sure I make a lot less than you.
- Not really.
- Hello.
It's so nice to see you, Ms. Yoon.
He's obnoxious.
Have you watched this movie?
No, I haven't.
- Let's watch it together.
- I don't want to.
Okay.
- Sorry.
- Right, you have a boyfriend.
- I'll watch it alone.
- You can join us.
Let's go watch it, Ms. Geum.
Let's get on.
What? Is something wrong?
Is Jun-hui going abroad again?
Who said that?
The Chinese people said that just now.
What exactly did they say?
One of them asked if the guy
who was in the States
will participate in the project,
and they said, "Probably."
He didn't think the guy was coming,
but they said he'd be there
and that he can stay
for however long it takes.
I guess Ms. Yoon didn't know about it.
Have you eaten yet?
Shall we meet on the rooftop
for some coffee?
Are you busy?
Oh, no. You must be upset
that I didn't read your texts.
How should I make up for it?
Are you crazy?
I'm going to do it one day.
Have you been busy?
No.
A meeting got scheduled,
so I couldn't pick up.
About the project in China?
How did you know?
Are you going on a business trip?
Do you have a spy at our office?
When are you leaving?
I'm not going.
It'll be at least for three months.
I can't live without you.
I said I'd never go.
Why did you say that?
I can take a leave and go with you.
Think about it.
I wouldn't have to care about anything.
I would be free from everything.
Freedom.
You must be under a lot of stress.
I was just saying.
Let's have fun today.
Do you have anything in mind?
Should we watch a movie?
Sounds good.
Pick a movie you want to watch.
What should we watch?
I wonder what's in theaters these days.
Hello?
One second. I'll be right back.
I don't think we can
watch a movie tonight.
- Who was that?
- It was Dad.
My mom caught a cold,
so he wants me to come home early.
Then you should go home. Let's get going.
What time do you get off work?
I'm not sure. Soon?
Call me. I'll give you a ride.
No, it's okay.
You are not going home, are you?
Are you doubting me?
Just go, wherever it is.
How's this?
- Doesn't this one look too strong?
- It does.
Take a look at this. How's this?
- This is too plain.
- It looks like we copied something.
It's too boring.
Don't you think this one looks better?
It's not even the main character,
but it leaves a big impression.
That's not bad either.
Here, take a look.
- I'm getting off work. Hang in there.
- Here.
Enjoy your dinner. Kisses.
And this one too.
What?
I could've come to you.
I'm the one taking away your time.
This is the least I can do.
I have a lot of time to spare.
You shouldn't waste
such precious time of your life.
You should go on dates.
My boyfriend...
Did he give you permission to see me?
Don't make me look like the bad guy.
- I won't. You haven't eaten, right?
- Right.
I know a quiet place nearby.
What do you say?
I have no idea
where anything is around here.
I will guide you.
Come on.
It's this way.
Hey.
Where are you going?
I'm going home.
Can you see me?
The thing is...
Just come here.
Jun-hui.
Don't be like that.
Didn't you hear me?
I can't reach him.
He didn't even go to work.
- Gosh.
- I thought you two broke up.
- He's hurt?
- What do you not like about Jun-hui?
- I think it's wonderful
- My goodness.
that you are going out with Jun-hui.
Don't you know what your father is like?
You two won't be any different.
Someone who I never want to see again
shows up
and acts like a parent.
Even worse, in front of a woman I love.
- He's still your father.
- What do you mean they were persuaded?
Jin-a was way too much of a pushover.
I can make you pay
for something you didn't even do.
- Would you like that?
- How could you hurt him like this?
I will break up with him. I will.
Jun-hui.
Let's end it here.
Subtitle translation by Kim Su-hyeon